# Decentralised Issue Reporting - Pot(Hole) Hunting

## Description
Service issues and how these are handled provide a strong indicator of how a company/operator/authority performs and the standard of the service. Potential clients/customers use this kind information when making the decision to sign-up. Companies, or at least well run companies, can use it to drive continuous improvement and provide a stronger product.

At the moment if an operator even runs a trouble reporting system it will normally be centrally controlled by the operator itself. This means they control the data and the visibility of that data. Ultimately it means there is no real reliable accountability. Reported data can be inaccurate. Unwanted information can be hidden or even deleted.

Plenty of anecdotal examples exist showing where a companies official support path fails and action is only taken by the operator once a user reports their issue on a public forum like Facebook or Twitter - a platform the company doesn't control and where they can be held publicly accountable.

This app demonstrates how Colony can be used to create a decentralised issue system. Operators no longer own their issue data because an immutable record of it is kept on the Blockchain. Colony's built in rating and reputation system allows the quality of response to an issue to be assessed and the reputation system keeps both the public users and the operator itself honest. Reports can show interested parties a reliable and accurate summary of how the operator is performing.

The app itself is focused on a very niche area - pot hole reporting for a local authority! A full version could be extended to allow any company/operator/authority to be added with their own sub-set of issues.

As well as complaining about the weather people in the UK love a good moan about pot holes so I thought it would be a good place to start. They are actually a pretty serious issue, causing damage to vehicles and costing money to repair, especially if they are left to get worse. As far as I'm aware the local councils (who I assume are responsible for repairs) don't release any kind of statistics or information on what holes have been reported or repaired. There is  also no way to confirm that any information they did release about repairs is accurate or even true because there's no way to verify it. Without this kind of information we can't evaluate how the council performs and having the ability to 'crowd source' pot hole reporting and repair quality could help reduce the overall repair costs by identifying trouble areas more efficiently.

An interesting near future use case for this specific area is the possibility to combine the issue reporting with drone repair technology. A number of companies are working on autonomous drones that locate and repair potholes/damaged roads using mobile tarmac 3D print technology (I promise this is true :) ). Using a Colony based app drones can assume the role of workers, autonomously scanning the Colony task list for suitable repairs to make, carrying out the repairs and automatically marking the job as complete to be rated by the public. Surely that's all the hot topics - drones, 3D printing, IoT, blockchain and of course, pot holes!
